[Music]
yeah yeah
do good my
brother good follow you I
know I
know I will always do what good I can
for hatred I can't stand and I hope you
feel the same way too the goodness of
your Works will carry you through do
good onto others and I will do the same
for you
give it the child my friend and you will
prove what I'm saying is
true love is the answer there ain't no
other oh Love Is The Answer true love of
father if your neighbor come begging you
something don't say go and come tomorrow
give it now while you can
and I know I
know will bless you oh love is the
answer there ain't no
other we must exercise our love by
forgiving and
helping we should teach others what they
need to learn forgive them even when
you're
heartburn love I am
feeling love like you meaning
love I am
failing oh
yeah Love Is The Answer there ain't no
other oh Love Is The Answer true love of
the
father love
is there ain't no other oh Love Is The
Answer true love of the father
love I am
feeling love loves true
meaning love lives true
meaning I will always do the good I can
war on hatred I CH stand and I hope you
feel the same way too the goodness of
your words will carry you through do
good onto others and I will do the same
for you do
give it a try my friend and you will
prove what I'm saying is true oh love is
the answer there ain't no other No Love
Is The Answer true love of the
father Love Is The
Answer
love love is the answer
[Music]
show
love to believe me
[Music]
[Applause]
oh